README.md, before:

# Recursive Loop Testing for bun.sh

This repository contains a [SoCalTechLab.com](https://socaltechlab.com/) project aimed at testing recursive for loops in [bun.sh](https://bun.sh), a fast all-in-one JavaScript runtime.

## Overview

The purpose of this project is to assess the performance of recursive for loops in bun.sh by simulating deep recursion with iterative approaches. The project consists of two main components:

-   A TypeScript script (`test.ts`) that generates test data by simulating recursive for loops.
-   A Python script (`report.py`) that analyzes the generated test results and produces a detailed report along with visual graphs.

## Repository Structure

-   `test.ts`: The TypeScript script used for generating test data within the bun.sh environment.
-   `report.py`: The Python script for analyzing test data and producing reports.
    -   **Results:** [test_analysis_report.md](./test_analysis_report.md)

## Getting Started

To run the tests and generate reports, follow these steps:

1. Install [bun.sh](https://bun.sh) on your system.
2. Execute the TypeScript script to generate test data:

    ```
    bun test.ts
    ```

    This script will simulate recursive for loops and store the results in JSON format.

3. Once the test data is generated, run the Python script to analyze the results and produce a report:
    ```
    python report.py
    ```
    The script will create a `test_analysis_report.md` containing the analysis and save a graph depicting the performance as `test_analysis_graphs.png`.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community. Please read our contributing guidelines before submitting your pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

This project is developed and maintained by the SoCalTechLab team. Visit [SoCalTechLab.com](https://socaltechlab.com) for more information on our other projects and research initiatives.

Commit message:

📝 docs(README.md): update instructions for running tests and generating reports
- Update the command to execute the TypeScript script to generate test data
- Add optional arguments `testCountArg` and `depthCountArg` to specify the number of tests and depth of nested loops
- Provide default values for the optional arguments

This change improves the clarity and usability of the instructions for running tests and generating reports.

README.md, after:

# Recursive Loop Testing for bun.sh

This repository contains a [SoCalTechLab.com](https://socaltechlab.com/) project aimed at testing recursive for loops in [bun.sh](https://bun.sh), a fast all-in-one JavaScript runtime.

## Overview

The purpose of this project is to assess the performance of recursive for loops in bun.sh by simulating deep recursion with iterative approaches. The project consists of two main components:

-   A TypeScript script (`test.ts`) that generates test data by simulating recursive for loops.
-   A Python script (`report.py`) that analyzes the generated test results and produces a detailed report along with visual graphs.

## Repository Structure

-   `test.ts`: The TypeScript script used for generating test data within the bun.sh environment.
-   `report.py`: The Python script for analyzing test data and producing reports.
    -   **Results:** [test_analysis_report.md](./test_analysis_report.md)

## Getting Started

To run the tests and generate reports, follow these steps:

1. Install [bun.sh](https://bun.sh) on your system.
2. Execute the TypeScript script to generate test data:

    ```
    bun test.ts [testCountArg] [depthCountArg]
    ```

    - `testCountArg`: (Optional) Defines the number of tests to run. Default is 1.
    - `depthCountArg`: (Optional) Specifies the depth of nested loops to test. Default is 8.

    This script will simulate recursive for loops and store the results in JSON format.

3. Once the test data is generated, run the Python script to analyze the results and produce a report:
    ```
    python report.py
    ```
    The script will create a `test_analysis_report.md` containing the analysis and save a graph depicting the performance as `test_analysis_graphs.png`.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community. Please read our contributing guidelines before submitting your pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

This project is developed and maintained by the SoCalTechLab team. Visit [SoCalTechLab.com](https://socaltechlab.com) for more information on our other projects and research initiatives.
